feat: Document Vercel AI integration (#12087)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/configuration/vercelai.mdx

Reviewer: m: Shouldn't this page be part of the "Integrations" section rather than directly in "Configuration"? 

Otherwise, if we have already settled on putting this directly under "Confuguration", can we move it down a bit? I don't think this should be directly under "Basic Options".

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a08fb332-28e4-42f7-9a05-a6da082674e4)

Author: yup wrong path 🤦 - will fix!

  - javascript.gcp-functions
  - javascript.hapi
  - javascript.koa
  - javascript.nestjs
  - javascript.electron
  - javascript.nextjs
  - javascript.nuxt
  - javascript.sveltekit
  - javascript.remix
  - javascript.astro
  - javascript.bun
---

<Alert level="info">

This integration only works in the Node.js and Bun runtimes. Requires SDK version `8.43.0` or higher.

</Alert>

_Import name: `Sentry.vercelAIIntegration`_

The `vercelAIIntegration` adds instrumentation for the [`ai`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ai) library by Vercel to capture spans using the [`AI SDK's built-in Telemetry`](https://sdk.vercel.ai/docs/ai-sdk-core/telemetry).

```javascript
Sentry.init({
  integrations: [new Sentry.vercelAIIntegration()],
});
```

To enhance the spans collected by this integration, we recommend providing a `functionId` to identify the function that the telemetry data is for. For more details, see the [AI SDK Telemetry Metadata docs](https://sdk.vercel.ai/docs/ai-sdk-core/telemetry#telemetry-metadata).

```javascript
const result = await generateText({
  model: openai("gpt-4-turbo"),
  experimental_telemetry: { functionId: "my-awesome-function" },
});
```

## Configuration

> By default this integration adds tracing support to all `ai` function callsites. If you need to disable collecting spans for a specific call, you can do so by setting `experimental_telemetry.isEnabled` to `false` in the first argument of the function call.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default this integration adds tracing support to all `ai` function callsites. If you need to disable span collection for a specific call, you can do so by setting `experimental_telemetry.isEnabled` to `false` in the first argument of the function call.
```

```javascript
const result = await generateText({
  model: openai("gpt-4-turbo"),
  experimental_telemetry: { isEnabled: false },
});
```

If you want to collect inputs and outputs for a specific call, you must specifically opt-in to each function call by setting `experimental_telemetry.recordInputs` and `experimental_telemetry.recordOutputs` to `true`.

```javascript
const result = await generateText({
  model: openai("gpt-4-turbo"),
  experimental_telemetry: {
    isEnabled: true,
    recordInputs: true,
    recordOutputs: true,
  },
});
```

## Supported Versions

> - `dataloader`: `>=3.0.0 <5`

Reviewer: l: Maybe I'm missing something here but is `dataloader` a transitive dependency of `ai`? Might be worth to add a sentence or two to explain what it is. Also, does this translate to an `ai` version range we could mention instead? 

Actually I saw that we mention `dataloader` in other pages as well. Any chance this was a copy/paste leftover? 😅

Author: copy-paste mistake! will fix
